# 2023-02-02
## React-virtualized Infinite Scroll 이용 시 주의사항
### 문제 : API 이상 없고, 필수값을 채웠(다고 생각한...)지만 인피니트 스크롤이 화면상에서 나타나지 않음.
- 인피니트 스크롤의 경우 `무족권` height width값이 필요하다.
- 스크롤을 감싸고 있는 바로 상위 값에 높이, 길이 값이 정해져 있지 않으면 무한 스크롤은 나타나지 않는다. 스타일을 먹여주자!
### 문제 : API 불러와도 무한스크롤이 안됨(스크롤 할때마다 API 호출해도 화면이 아래위로 흔들리기만 할 뿐 로딩이 안됨)
- 해결 : API 호출 시 api 라이브러리의 get.initialize 필요, get.infinite 넣어줘야 함...ㅠㅠ

# 2023-02-08 
## Array.prototype.some()
- This method tests whether at least in the array pastes the test implemented by the provided function.
- It returns true if, in the array, it finds an element for which the provided function returns true.
- It dosen't modify the array.

# 2023-02-09
## 파라미터에 언더바(언더스코어)가 사용되는 경우?
- 간단하다. 자바스크립트에서 함수 파라미터에 언더바가 사용되는 경우엔, '~는 안 중요하다~' 이런 뜻임. 예를 들면
```js
 const items = chapter.map((_, i) => {
    const index = i + Chapter;
    return (
      <div
        key={index}
        onClick={(): void => handler(index)}
      >
        {index + 1}
      </div>
    );
  });
```
- 여기서 map콜백함수의 첫 번째 파라미터 `_,` 는  `안 쓴다`로 해석하면 된다. 
- 이 함수에서 사용된 건 i, 즉 index 값 뿐이다.

# 2023-02-10
## How can props from child component be used in parent component?
```js
// parent component

  const getLength = (lengthFromChild: number) => {
  return 
  };
```
- Reading the documents in Google, I made a function 'getLength' to get the props from child component. 

```js
// child component
  getLength(Row.length);
```
- And I successfully gave the props to parent component putting the value at the parameter of the funtion.

### problem happened: but.. it this case, how can I use the value that I gotten from child component?

- In this case, the value can only be used within the getLength function (local scope). 
- So, how can it be used throughout the component? 


### The answer is by creating a new state using useState and saving the props value in that state.
```js
// parent component
  const [length, setLength] = useState(0);
    
   const getLength = (lengthFromChild: number) => {
   setLength(lengthFromChild);
```
- Now, you can use the props from the child component throughout the parent component.



# 2023-02-14
## Happy Valentine 🍫 
## What does 'Don't use setState when the component is rendering!' mean?
### Today, my boss reviewed my code and gave me a comment about that. He told me that `I'd better not use setState when the component is rendering`. I didn't know what it means at first. 
- The comment from my boss means that **I should not use the setState method while the component is rendering. 
- When I use setState inside the component, it triggers a **re-render** every time the state changes.
- So in the end, this can lead to an **infinite loop** of rendering.
- Instead, setState should be used outside of the render() method, or within the appropriate React lifecycle methods such as componentDidMount or componentDidUpdate.

# 2023-02-20
## Why components? (React for beginners)
### All UI, in the end, are made up of components. But why?
- components : Reusable `building blocks` in your user interface. They are made up of CSS, HTML and JS.
### Feature 1. Reusability : Don't repeat yourself. 
### Feature 2. Seperation of concerns : Don't do many things in one & the same place. 
- Therefore, codes become easy to manage and maintain. (by spliting big chunk of codes into multiple smaller functions.

# 2023-02-21
## The import order of React libraries
- In general, the import order of React libraries should follow a specific order to avoid issue and maintain consistency of your code.
1) import `third-party dependencies and libraries`.
2) import `React and its related modules`. (These modules include REact itself, React-DOM and PropTypes.)
3) import any `local modules or components` that are not related to the third-party libraries you imported in step 1.
4) Finally, import any `CSS or other stylesheets` that your components require.


# 2023-02-22
```js
const dispatch = useDispatch();
const onUnMount = useCallback(()=> dispatch(actions.search.mount()). [dispatch]);
```
- The function dispatches an action 'actions.search.mount()' to the redux store.
- `useCallback` : is used to optimize the performance by **memoizing** the function so that it doesn't recreated on every render.
- [dispatch] : dependency array -> only recreate the memoized function if dispatch finction changes.

# 2023-02-23
## configureStore from Redux-toolkit
### configureStore : simplifies the creation of Redux store.
- It combies several Redux store steps into `single cell`.
The steps are : 
1) creating store ⭐⭐⭐
2) setting up Redux DevTools Extension
3) applying middleware such as 'redux-thunk'

- It takes single argument, which is an object that can have several options, including `reducer`, `middleware`, `devTools`, `preloaded State`.
Those options are : 
1) `reducer` : A root reducer that combines nultiple reducers into a single reducer.
2) `middleware` : An array of middlewares that can intercept and dispatch actions before they reach the reducers.
3) `devTools` : It enables or disables the integration with Redux DevTools extension.
4) `preloaded State` : It provides initial state to store.

